For each study, the raw inquisit data files (xlsx files in the `data/raw` folder) were processed into a SPSS .sav files by Sean/Simone. This was done manually/in SPSS and no code/syntax to reproduce this processing is available, although it was carefully rechecked in each case. 

The processing.Rmd file in the analysis folder converts all these .sav files first to .csv format (which are saved to the `data/processed` folders in each experiment) as "data_spss_converted_to_csv.csv". This processing.Rmd script then tidied each data file's names and applied the exclusion criteria. Each experiment's to-be-analyzed data was then saved to the `data/processed` folder as data_for_analysis.csv.  

In the case of experiment 7, a reviewer's comment required us to reprocess the evaluative priming data. An R script was written for this, which is present in `data/processed` (i.e., processing_evalautive_priming.Rmd). In order to integrate the manually processed data .sav file with the newer and more reproducible EP data processed via R script, the overall project's data processing script (found at `analysis/processing.Rmd` and which produces `data/processed/processed_ep_data.csv`) first reads in the .sav file, discards the columns referring to EP scores, then reads in the newly produced EP scores from processed_ep_data.csv and combines these two files. The resultant data_processed.csv file for experiment 7 therefore represents a combination of the manually and code-based processing of the data for that study. 